[tutorial] consistent page descriptions (#1814)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/tutorial/6-islands/3.md

---
layout: ~/layouts/TutorialLayout.astro
title: Congratulations!

> description: "Tutorial: Build your first Astro blog —\nWrap up"

Reviewer: I know this page is very barebones but might as well be aspirational here 😅 

```suggestion
description: "Tutorial: Build your first Astro blog —\nCheck out the final version of your project and find out what’s next with Astro!"
```
